Good evening and welcome from above the
Caribbean Sea.
My name is Craig Winn and I am
the host of the Yawa Blog.
This episode is the continuation of the
first volume of a series entitled Coming
Home.
This is the voice of
of god through that series and we are
now in the final or eleventh chapter of
this book should you want to read it
for yourself and i would encourage you to
do so the entire book is available free
at yadaya.com
can read it as a page turner which
is kind of fun it's really an interesting
way to read a book online or on
your cell phone or television tablet or
computer however you prefer but every book
also comes in a pdf so that you
can go through it that way or if
your preference is to do as i'm doing
and to actually hold a book in your
hands you can go to amazon.com and
by any of the thirty-five books that are
part of the Hiawaha series.
This group of books, volumes one, two,
and three of Coming Home,
and I'm completing volume four now,
which has the most magnificent plot twist.
ever recorded by the greatest of authors
uh yahweh speaking of his relationship
with his beloved son and how the very
fate of the human race would pivot on
a surprise intervention it is a flashback
of magnificent proportions
But all of these volumes are focused
primarily on Dode and the man God chose
to reestablish the kings, the messiahs,
the son of gods,
and our savior's reputation.
You see,
over the past three thousand years since
the end of Dode's first of three lives,
and certainly over the last two thousand
years since
Dode fulfilled Pesach, Matzah,
and Bakuram in thirty-three CE,
year four thousand YAH,
in the second of three lives,
there hasn't been one person on the planet
who has properly credited the king,
our Messiah and Savior,
the very Son of God,
for what he had achieved.
And if you don't know what Dode did,
there's no way for God to save you.
cannot be done because dote alone
fulfilled the means that God has to
provide the benefits of the covenant for
those who were aware of what those first
three spring mikra actually represent and
how they are delivered to those who accept
the terms and conditions of the covenant.
So this indeed is a exceedingly important
presentation.
Now I will tell you that if I
slip in and out and don't seem to
be quite as focused as I'd like to
normally be,
be aware that I am now trying to
flush out one of the most amazing,
Insights that, well,
you can even possibly imagine.
And it covers the entirety of the Torah,
Prophets,
and Mizmor to get it done because the
clues were strewn throughout.
And the ultimate conclusion in all of
this, and that's one that I will share,
with everyone,
as soon as I have made enough progress
in the commentary and translations of all
of this material,
is that even God can't save us if
we don't engage and make a contribution to
the covenant relationship that He intends.
God can't save anyone
isn't willing to make an ongoing
contribution to his family.
You see,
the covenant has been established as a
mutually beneficial relationship.
And a one-sided relationship is an
oxymoron.
They're counterproductive.
God's not looking for a dependent.
He's not looking for someone who relishes
entitlements.
He doesn't want to spend his eternity with
someone who hasn't even bothered to get to
know who he is,
that will believe all manner of lies about
him, like Jesus Christ.
God says emphatically, I'm not a man.
And yet the most popular religion in the
world would reduce God to a man.
They would even have men empowered to kill
God.
Why would you trust a God who men
can kill with your life?
It is stunning what we have done.
And this idea that God will save those
who believe is utter nonsense.
God has made the decision that once he
created humankind,
that he would only engage with humankind
and that there would be expectations for
us.
God's great.
He did not solicit our advice during
creation and obviously didn't need it.
There was no consult with man and
authoring the DNA code for life.
God was on his own and he's independent
of us.
He exists independently.
independently of man.
But once God made man in his image,
and he decided that he wanted to form
a relationship with us, well,
everything changed.
He was no longer able to just act
on his own.
He would need us to participate for there
to be a beneficial,
mutually desirable relationship.
And I'm going to tell a story that
shows that even God's beloved son,
when he checked out of the relationship,
he rendered himself incapable of saving
himself, much less the rest of us.
And that is why the most important
intervention of all took place.
And I will share the story.
situation with you and why god chose to
do it this way and why god couldn't
resolve this problem with his son any
other way god has limitations once he
created man for the purpose of a
relationship he put himself in a situation
where he's limited in what he can and
cannot do and i think he rather likes
those limitations because either we get it
right or there's no reason to continue
And so the purpose of these shows will
be to help you get it right so
that you know who Yahweh is,
what he's offering, and importantly,
what he's expecting from us in return.
And I will assure you,
it isn't religious obedience.
It isn't faith.
And the answer can't be found in any
political or religious scheme.
Matter of fact, you have to leave both.
Disassociate yourself from both.
Do we even have a chance to benefit
from what God's offering?
So this is a very profound thought,
and we will pursue it over these next
few shows.
Now,
as we begin the eleventh chapter of what
is the series,
the first volume of the series,
Coming Home,
What you recognize is that Yahweh's name
beyond all others is magnificent.
So in the previous chapter,
which I concluded,
I think it was two days ago as
we were trying to work out a different
studio set up here in the Ocean Studio
in a more relaxed and comfortable way on
a love seat that we had set up
for the purpose
we concluded our review of not only the
Eighty-Ninth Mismore,
which is the greatest song ever written,
a song where Yahweh affirms that his
beloved son is dode, David and none other,
where he affirms emphatically that his
chosen one is dode,
and therefore not Jesus,
where he says emphatically that the
Messiah is dode,
And therefore, there is no Mr. Christ.
Where he says that the exemplar of the
covenant and the means to deliver the
benefits of that covenant,
which is the gift of eternal life and
the removal of our guilt so we can
be adopted into God's family,
enriched and empowered by him,
essentially saved and so much more,
that all that took place
because of what he accomplished in his
collaboration with Dode, his co-worker.
So I would say that the previous
discussion was easily the most cathartic
in our journey,
exuberant with the news about Dode,
and with the good news that the Son
of God and Messiah had arrived.
done what needed to be accomplished for us
to engage in a relationship with God.
But tragic in the recognition that Jews
and Christians alike
have denied his magnanimous sacrifice,
and to such an extent that the truth
now seems incredulous.
When I tell people, Dode is the Messiah,
he is the former and returning king,
he is the chosen one,
he is the very son of God,
all according to God,
and that he served as the Passover lamb,
and on Matzah carried our guilt into
Sheol,
so we would appear innocent before God,
and therefore could be adopted into his
family on Bukurim,
They say, oh, come on, no.
Dode's dead and buried.
Can't be.
Well, according to God, that's the truth.
And then when you say what that also
means is there was no Mr. Christ.
Never existed.
The one who was crucified on Passover was
Dode.
And religion has buried the truth under
such a pile of rubbish that it's done
irreparable harm.
Now, fortunately,
it's not too late to know and to
embrace the truth.
In the decade remaining prior to their
return,
humankind has one last opportunity to
discover who Yahweh is and what Dode has
done.
We're just seven and a half years away
now from the final remnant gathering in
Jerusalem and being presented before God.
And once we realize what Father and Son
are offering and asking in return,
we're prepared to join the covenant and
enter heaven.
So with ample opportunity to learn from
the Torah, the Nabi, the prophets,
and the Mizmor,
let's continue our journey.
So at this juncture,
there are scores of places that,
of course, I would like to explore.
But before we chart a new course,
let's continue a while longer on the path
that we have been navigating.
It will assuredly lead us to the purpose
of our quest,
which is to be right about God.
After all, God says,
what matters most is being Sadak, right?
So after the exhilarating rush of the
sixth, seventh, and eighty-ninth Mismore,
I'd like to share the eighth.
It's appropriate, too,
because this is my eighth anniversary of
my marriage to my lovely Leah,
someone who is the subject of the final
word picture, Michal, the thirty-first,
which we will share in due time.
To the enduring guide and everlasting
director,
The continuously glorious and majestic
conductor and every endeavor over an
unlimited period of time based upon the
githya, the wine press.
The idea or instrument associated with
preparing grapes for wine.
This is a mizmor, a melody with lyrics,
a song to be sung.
It is by Dode, the Beloved.
Ms.
Moore, lyrics to sing, Psalm eight,
that is the introduction and dedication.
Now,
one of the many reasons we know that
the beloved son of God recognized that
Yahweh's Torah was a source of teaching
and instruction,
guidance and direction is because he
dedicated many of his Ms.
Moore songs to the enduring guide and
everlasting director.
While seldom acknowledged,
Nishak Spell speaks of God, not man,
as it is addressing the one who is
constantly and continuously glorious and
majestic.
A conductor is a guide for every endeavor.
He directs our steps.
for an unlimited duration of time.
And there is only one such individual,
Yahweh.
And I said,
it refers to the Torah because the Torah
is comprised of directions and guidance.
Dode composed three mizmor,
which began by referencing the, yes,
the wine prep.
In conjunction with the sukkah,
which is the final of the seven moedim,
camping out with our Heavenly Father,
being sheltered with him,
these include the eighth,
the eighty-first, and the eighty-fourth.
And I suspect that the reasons were many,
including the realization that Dode was
given the responsibility of cultivating
Miyawa's vineyard.
Now,
other reasons may include the fact that
while good wine caresses the palate for it
to blossom,
the vines from which it is harvested must
be chosen based upon what they're capable
of producing.
They must be tended with care.
Their grapes must be pressed to be
productive,
and the resulting wine must be allowed to
mature under the proper conditions.
When wine is consumed responsibly,
it is a wonderful accompaniment to an
evening meal.
At the same time, consumed irresponsibly,
it is capable of incapacitating judgment,
especially of the unrestrained.
Dode's name defines his place in Yahweh's
universe, in his Torah.
And it is now raining on me.
So let's hope that it stays light or
else...
we're going to need to cover our equipment
and so i'm going to let you get
the uh the larger of our tarps uh
ready my friend and if we need to
we will cover this quickly because even
the wookie was there on us on the
soap and i said i don't want to
get wet so
We'll continue as long as we can.
I'm drip dry, so it doesn't bother me,
but we do have a small fortune in
equipment here that we would prefer not to
get wet.
Not only does Dodename mean beloved,
it describes the one who loves so
passionately that he is adored in return.
And it is based upon a root,
which means to boil.
And that is interesting in and of itself.
No matter how polluted water is,
It is purified by boiling.
Steeped in these words,
we are similarly cleansed.
The hotter the water,
the greater the energy.
Enormous machines are powered by steam.
So this speaks of our transition from
limited physical beings to vastly more
energetic spiritual ones.
Not only is water, therefore,
symbolic in all of these ways,
but it's also the source of life,
its most essential ingredient.
And steam produces energy when it's,
when energy produces steam, I should say,
when energy is added.
Maybe that's reminiscent of the spirit who
Dode had the benefit of having lived
within him.
Also, as we consider the wine press,
one of the things that we discover through
the thirty-first Michal is that it is
likely that Dode reached a point in his
life where the pressures grew great,
and he did what so many have done
before.
And in his time,
Very few people could actually drink
water.
It's one of the reasons why Dode was
so excited at one moment that he sent
people off just to bring a cup of
water from where he grew up raising sheep
in Bethlehem.
Because water could not be consumed around
a city of people.
And what you had to do to survive
and for a community to thrive is to
make wine or beer.
Because the process of fermenting wine or
beer would create the alcohol that killed
the pathogens.
And so it's what everyone drank.
And we have to drink to live.
It's quite likely, however,
that there was a period of time when
Dode drank wine to excess.
So it's also interesting that we have a
mizmor devoted to that wine vat and wine
press.
So knowing where these mizmor lead,
it is also relevant to recognize that
being tzedak, right,
something Dode was recognized for God for
being it,
very important times of his life,
is what leads to God's reciprocation.
In other words,
Dode was loved because Dode was right.
It is vital to our approach to God
and to his testimony.
That doesn't mean that God can't love his
son and didn't love his son when his
son was wrong.
It's just that their relationship wasn't
right when he was wrong.
Now, the author of this song,
Yahweh's adored friend, close companion,
and admired associate,
more than anyone was recognized by Yahweh,
and he loved Yahweh's name.
That's sad in one place that I was
trying to ascertain the...
success or failure of an intervention in
Dode's life at a terrible time where he
really wallowed in shame.
And it's the only point where he was
so embarrassed and so off his footing by
what he had done and what he had
been told about his mistakes that he
couldn't even say Yahweh's name.
He has an entire Psalm where God's name
isn't mentioned.
But that's rare for him.
Almost all of his psalms would celebrate
God's name.
It's one of the reasons why when I
read this one, it's the fifty-first,
I knew that Dode had yet to return
to where he needed to be,
to be right with God.
But this one, that is not the case.
This is the eighth and it begins as
it should, Yahweh.
Now that's an accurate transliteration of
the name of our God guided by his
Torah instructions and his higher
existence,
particularly pursuant to our Shalom
reconciliation.
He says, Edone,
our upright pillar and firm foundation,
our mighty and upright one,
our reliable base and pedestal in the
center of our tent of the witness,
which sustains and enlarges us,
making us secure.
How?
From Ma, an interrogative.
How awesomely magnificent,
powerful and majestic,
superior and splendid,
stately and sovereign,
noble and beautiful, desirable and grand,
suitable and recognizable,
respectful and relational.
It's from Adar,
glorious and honorable is your name.
To my Jewish friends,
God's name is not Hashem.
God's name is not Adonai.
God's name isn't G-D.
God's name is known.
It is easily pronounced.
It's easily shown that that is the proper
pronunciation.
In fact,
I've just shared with you the two words.
if you wanted to take it to three,
I shared all three that by themselves
affirm the pronunciation of Yahweh as
such.
Haya, the basis of his name,
means to exist.
Torah,
the book in which his name is introduced
to us,
where the O sound is from the Hebrew
wah.
And Shalom.
what the Torah delivers,
what Yahweh's name delivers,
where the O sound in Shalom is also
from the Hebrew walk.
So this opening line continues throughout
the land,
which to show the way to the benefits
of the relationship.
Asher,
you and I have chosen to bestow your
glory.
Nathan, Hod, Atah,
we concur that you should offer to
magnanimously give as a manifestation of
your power and authority called
imperative, paragogic, cohortative.
first-person expression of volition,
beyond the spiritual realm.
So Psalm eight, one.
Let me read that without so many
interruptions,
and then we'll talk a bit about what
was just said.
It begins with Yahweh.
Yahweh,
our upright pillar and firm foundation,
how awesomely magnificent is your name.
Throughout the land,
which to show the way to the benefits
of the relationship,
I have chosen and you want to bestow
your glory beyond the spiritual realms.
In fact, we look at this,
the imperative and the cohortative were
both used.
The imperative is an expression of
authority.
Second person volition.
While the cohortative is an expression of
first person volition.
It's one of those signatures is to include
both first and second person volition in
the same verb.
The paragogic would say emphatically.
So to accommodate that,
what is being said here,
because Nathan is the verb,
it means to give, to bestow, to offer.
And
He is therefore saying that he and Yahweh
are of like mind.
They both want to do the same thing.
That you have chosen and I desire.
That you and I agree that it's appropriate
to give, to offer, to bestow your glory.
Beyond this spiritual realm,
which would mean in our material realm.
The creator of the universe and our God
is offering us his name,
not just so that we can come to
know him,
but so that we can attach it to
our own and we can share it with
others.
This is as a bride does with her
husband's name,
revealing that they are now part of the
same family.
The intent is that they will then share
their surname with their children.
Unlike the rest of us whose names were
picked by our parents,
Yahweh chose his name.
It expresses characteristics that he wants
to share.
We know this because he expressed it some
seven thousand times in his revelation to
us.
We would do well to respect his choice
and appreciate the reasons behind it.
Now, based upon this declaration,
the dumbest,
indeed the most irrational and
counterproductive thing any of us could do
would be to disrespect Yahweh's name by
ignoring it, rejecting it,
or replacing it with the titles God, Lord,
Hashem, Adonai, or worse.
Those who would claim God does not care
what you call him so long as we
speak to him would be dead wrong.
In a medley of psalms devoted to the
choice between Rasha, wrong, and Sadak,
right,
this is the fulcrum upon which our fate
pivots between life and death.
Now, in this regard,
father and son are of like mind.
Throughout this mizmor and other songs
like it, Dode offers Yahweh's name,
giving it as a gift to his people.
And since Dode does so and is in
full accord with Yahweh's thinking in this
matter,
it means that the rabbis who avoid
Yahweh's name are wrong.
They're in opposition to God.
In this situation,
Dode is aware that Yahweh's name and
reputation are well known in the spiritual
realms,
beyond our three-dimensional world.
And so,
Father and Son have decided that it's
appropriate for Yahweh's name and
reputation to become as well known here on
earth as they are in the heavens.
That is the purpose of this series of
books.
This one's called Observations,
but they're all under the Yada Yawa
umbrella.
Yada means to know.
Yawa is God's name.
There are thirty-five of these books,
all available free at yadaya.com.
Avail yourself of them.
Do as Dode suggested.
Yada Yawa.
To make this so,
and so that we would know,
Dode is conveying Yahweh's name everywhere
he travels and with every song he writes.
It is a worthy example that we'd be
wise to emulate.
Now, we have covered this ground before,
and it bears repeating since the title
appears frequently throughout Yahweh's
testimony.
The Torah defines Edom as the upright
pillar of the tabernacle.
It is the firm basis and established
foundation.
It's a strong column and a reliable
pedestal that's placed in the center of
the tent of the restoring witness.
and it's there to sustain, secure,
and enlarge this very special place for us
to meet with God.
It is only in defiance of these
implications that the same four letters
were vocalized as Adon and then defined as
Lord and Master.
When directed at Yahweh,
it's his Torah's definition that matters,
not man's extrapolations.
Just because we've heard Lord used so many
times that it rolls off the tongue
effortlessly,
just because we are living in times where
we are less familiar with the purpose and
value of the center support pillar of a
large tent enclosure,
doesn't give us the license to go down
the easy road.
Upright pillar is unnatural to our ears,
only because of religious influences
defining the culture in which we have been
indoctrinated.
Whether it is scribed ma,
or simply that would be with the H,
the H in Hebrew,
or simply ma with the ah sound supplied,
This is our clue to search for answers,
especially to questions that began how,
who, what, where, why, and when,
questions which should be pondered
regarding what follows.
And in this case,
Dode is encouraging us to consider the
edir, the superior, suitable,
and splendid, the stately and sovereign,
recognizable and relational nature,
of Yahweh's awesomely magnificent name.
There are few endeavors that are more
rewarding.
It's one of the ways that we can
express our respect for Yah.
Knowing His name is the first step in
getting to know Him.
Let's take this realization to its natural
conclusion, shall we?
Do not trust anything anyone has to say
about God.
who does not know and use his name.
That includes the entirety of the
Christian New Testament,
all Christian doctrine,
the words of the rabbis,
including their Talmud, the Quran,
or any Bible translation that substitutes
the Lord for Yahweh.
Even in a translation,
but especially in interpretation,
Yahweh needs to be known,
to be understood,
and to be respected for their result,
being that more people are Saddak, right,
than Russia, wrong.
That is our goal.
Yahweh's goal was Dode's goal.
Now,
in the pictographic alphabet of ancient
Hebrew,
God drew his name by showing his hand.
He is reaching down and out to us
as a father to lift us up as
his children.
His hand is open because he wants to
grasp hold of ours.
It is the way parents lift up their
children, encourage them to walk,
keep them from falling,
letting them know
that we love them,
and that they can rely upon us,
that we're here to guide them,
just as Yahweh leads us,
even protects us with his hand as well.
In the original alphabet,
the two letters which are repeated in
Yahweh's name, they're He's.
They were drawn to represent two
individuals standing up, reaching up,
and looking up to Yahweh.
There are
Numerous individuals that these could
represent as pairs.
I don't think there's any chance that they
would represent Adam and Chawa because God
was so disappointed in Adam and Chawa
spoke her mind,
but what she had to say was counter
to God's intent.
Abraham and Sarah are a natural choice.
But Abraham was a bit of a scallywag
at times.
He pimped Sarah out several times to
increase the size of his flocks.
And Sarah, well, I think she's charming.
And God clearly loved her.
She doesn't say a whole lot.
She's best known for actually laughing at
God.
So I don't think that's likely either.
I would say that the most likely is
actually the two individuals that Yahweh
spoke of in Bar Reshith Genesis one,
as the greater and lesser luminaries,
as the two people that represent the two
trees in the garden,
the tree of lives and the tree of
knowledge.
I think that's the most likely scenario,
but you're free to make your own
conclusions.
The intervening letter between the two
Hays depicts a tent peg,
an essential part of an ancient home and
tabernacle because with it,
they are enlarged and secured.
It is what Yah did for Adam in
creating the garden.
It is then what he did for Abraham
and Sarah as he increased the size of
their family and led us towards the
covenant family.
And while there might be a tendency to
think that the two Hays could depict the
liberator, Moshe,
I don't think that is the case because
Moshe,
while God was exceedingly pleased with his
contribution, is absolutely retired.
Do not allow the tendency to think of
a tent peg as antiquated, as temporary,
or even unsophisticated to cloud your
appreciation of how and why this letter
was chosen.
earth itself is but a temporary home a
place for yahweh to camp out with his
children it is the perfect way to depict
the experience encapsulated in sukkah
which means to camp out which is where
we're headed and god wants to return the
earth to the earth that the conditions
experienced in eden where we camp out for
a thousand years getting an opportunity to
prove that we can be trusted
Moreover, with Yahweh,
the fullness of time exists forever,
with the past serving as a reflection of
our future, with Eden depicting Sukkah.
We have come from where we are headed
to.
Even with the apparent unsophistication of
a tent peg,
compared to a mighty cathedral,
the comparison reveals Yahweh's nature and
his preference.
Moreover,
a wah can phase inclusion and addition.
And it talks about bringing man and God
together in an inclusive way,
each adding to the other.
Yes, indeed.
Doesn't it show Yahweh's preference?
You know,
in the seventh chapter of Second Samuel,
Dode's sitting there and he's in his
special home,
might even be called a palace,
in the city of Dode, Jerusalem.
And he's speaking to Nathan,
who's a prophet.
And he said, you know,
I'm living here in this wonderful house of
cedar, and God's out in a tent.
I think I need to build a house
of cedar for God.
And God then speaks through Nathan,
because he and Dode were on the outs
at this point.
They had some
made some mistakes that he ought not have
made.
And God just says, you know,
do you think I'm that into fancy houses?
I've been living in a tent ever since
I came to remove the children of Israel
from Mitzrayim in Egypt.
And I've continued to exist in that tent.
And I've never complained,
never asked for you to build me a
house.
And what God is saying,
it's his business as our father to build
houses for us, not the other way around.
And God's not the least bit concerned as
to what his quarters are here on earth,
because he's a seven-dimensional construct
and heaven is quite expansive.
So affirming all of this, yad,
the first letter in Yahweh's name,
it means hand in Hebrew and depicts an
individual's influence and their ability.
He means to pay attention,
to look up and to be observant.
These are the letters that are repeated in
God's name.
And the wa is the single most common
word in the Hebrew language and the Hebrew
text as well,
serving as the conjunction and.
It joins ideas and individuals together,
adding to them.
Now,
don't be misled by those who would have
you believe that no one knows how to
pronounce Yahweh's name, or worse,
that it should be pronounced out of
respect for it.
The four letters in Yahweh's name,
the yod, the he, the wa,
and the he, are all vowels.
That means they're open-mouthed sounds,
and they are pronounced consistent with
the verb which Yahweh told Moshe defines
his name, hayah.
And his Torah is where we read this,
where the wah and the hey are both
pronounced Torah.
And that's all we need to say Yahweh.
With these realizations obvious and
irrefutable,
those who have
misused religious authority to rob
believers of these insights over the ages,
disrespectfully removing Yahweh's name,
erasing it from his own testimony,
appallingly replacing it with what you
might conclude is the adversary's
depiction, the Lord.
They have done so to anger God.
That's a terrible crime and perhaps the
most damaging ever committed because God
says that it is unforgivable in the third
statement that he etched in stone.
In order of relevance,
it could be accurately stated that the
focus of Yada Yawa, the series of books,
thirty-five of which are free at
yadaya.com,
over the past twenty-four and a half
years,
And the thousands of audio and vlog
programs and the Yahweh blog that have
been produced to share and expose them
have been to reacquaint the world with
Yahweh's name, first and foremost,
to share his Torah guidance and
instruction, his teaching,
and to reveal the terms and conditions of
his Barath covenant.
They're all published under the umbrella
of Yada Yawa, to know Yawa.
Quite simply,
our priorities are as they should be.
Yawa and Dod, Torah and Bereth,
Mikrei and Yisrael.
Collectively,
they are the essence of life,
liberty and the pursuit of happiness,
particularly the joy experienced in Eden.
They are the means to enlightenment and
enrichment,
knowledge and understanding as well.
So according to Doe,
Yahweh's name is not only beautiful and
desirable,
it is magnificent and magnanimous.
It's a gift that father and son have
chosen to bestow
so that we might know it and benefit
from the path that they have provided to
get the most out of life.
The majestic nature of the universe,
from the spiral galaxies and the material
realms to the seven dimensions of heaven.
It's all a manifestation of Yahweh's power
and glory.
And so much of this is encapsulated in
his name.
Even as infants in our Heavenly Father's
family, we ought to know His name.
It is the foundation upon which His home
and our lives are constructed.
The text of the Eighth Mismore continues,
Out of the mouths and oral expressions of
children and infants,
You have laid a foundation of power and
strength which can withstand anything.
This is an order to put a stop
to the adversary who is trying to control,
to constrain, and to diminish you,
this hostile force who brings trouble by
being antagonistic toward you,
as well as to hold the guilty accountable
by punishing the perpetrator.
Ms.
Moore, lyrics to saying, ate too.
Now,
there is tremendous power in Yahweh's
name.
With it,
we stand on a firm foundation and can
withstand any assault.
When we embrace it and accept all that
Yahweh represents,
there is no adversary who can harm us.
we become satan's most effective foes of
course enormously irritating to the
religious but they are actually worshiping
satan and don't know it we are empowered
to take on mankind's most deceitful deadly
and damning institutions both religious
and political when we wield yahweh's name
all who enter the covenant family
arrive as infants in the relationship.
We are just beginning our lives as
Yahweh's children,
flush with exuberance and potential.
We are afforded an everlasting opportunity
to learn, to explore,
to experience life together and to grow,
which is the intent of it all.
And yet even with the newly adopted having
been part of God's family for a relatively
short period of time,
the fact is that
we were sufficiently informed and rational
to have chosen to be part of God's
family.
And ultimately,
that qualifies us to speak out.
That is what Dode is affirming here.
Yahweh's children are the most effective
witnesses on earth,
regardless of how long we've been in the
covenant,
although we get better as we mature
further.
Once born into the Bereth on B'kudim,
as a result of Pesach and Matzah, well,
we become invincible.
We're enriched and empowered such that
during Shabuwa,
we're re-energized and emancipated,
filling us with Oz,
or Oz if you prefer it pronounced as
it was in the movie,
with the strength to withstand anything.
Yama wants us to follow his example and
to take a stand against those things which
are adversarial, especially religion,
government, militarism, and conspiracy.
They don't just ruin lives.
They condemn them.
Now, whether it's the sun, the stars,
or king worshiping pagans of ancient
cultures and civilizations,
the advocates of the godless existence of
progressives,
the replacement man-god of Christianity,
the Catholic Church exercising undeserved
authority,
or rabbis substituting their Talmud for
Yahweh's Torah,
mankind has been trying to diminish the
one true and living God.
with all manner of imposters,
extinguishing lives in the process.
Fortunately,
Yahweh was going to hold them accountable.
Those who claimed to be God or to
be authorized to represent Him will be
judged and convicted by Him.
The primary reason that religion and
politics,
militaries and legal systems exist is to
intimidate and control the masses.
Free will and access to truth are
constrained,
making it infinitely more difficult to
know God.
Yahweh therefore views them as
antagonistic and he wants his covenant
children to put a stop to them.
Then he wants us to hold the purveyors
of religion and politics accountable,
pursuing them with a vengeance because of
the damage they do.
Judaism and Christianity are both moronic.
especially when it comes to forgiving
versus judging,
tolerating versus condemning.
To forgive the religious for depriving
billions of souls of the opportunity to
know Yahweh and to enter heaven is a
crime that must have a punishment
associated with it,
just as murderers and thieves are held
accountable.
Neither an individual institution nor
nation can be just, moral, fair, rational,
or compassionate without condemning
hurtful behavior that deprives others of
life or liberty.
And as the ultimate judge, Yahweh,
wants us to follow his example,
we are to aggressively expose and condemn
everyone and anything
in opposition to Yahweh, Yisrael,
the Torah, the covenant,
and especially to God's beloved son, Dod.
The reason Judaism preaches tolerance is
that Jews have been victimized by racial
persecution more than any other people.
Although that's changing because the
Haredi are intolerant of everyone,
even of Jews.
The reason that Christians claim tolerance
and forgiveness is because their God is
capricious,
and they are afraid that if they judge,
that they will be judged,
although they have no problem judging
those who expose and condemn the
fallacious nature of their religion.
There is very little affinity between
Christian denominations and the
acrimony against those whose lifestyles
they reject,
so they're hypocrites in that regard.
It will be entertaining to see Pope,
Caesars, and Pharaohs grovel,
and yet there will be great sadness
knowing how many souls they poisoned and
abused, the consequence of their lies.
In many ways,
Doe's proclamation in Mismore VIII-XII
serves as a prophetic affirmation of the
promise Yahweh made as Moshe and the
children of Yisrael sang the Song of the
Sea at the conclusion of the Exodus.
Then at this time and place, Moshe,
the one who draws out the children of
Yisrael, sang this song designed to teach,
conveying the intent of Yahweh.
They expressed in words, I will sing,
lifting up my voice while traveling on a
journey of discovery to behold and to
approach Yahweh,
because he should be appreciated for
having stood up majestically
to the war stallion and to their riders,
casting them into the sea.
It was Shemoth's names.
Fifteen-one, also called Exodus.
Yahweh is my source of strength,
my means to empowerment,
my fortification and protection,
the one whom I can rely upon because
he never changes.
My source of boldness and courage,
making me capable and the best I can
be, empowering and enriching me.
He has become and always will be my
means to approach,
to be delivered and liberated, even saved.
This is my God.
And so I will express words which are
appropriate and laudable regarding him.
Then I will dwell in his beautiful home.
My Father's God will lift me up on
high with him,
and I will be raised by him, increased,
empowered, and enriched by him.
Shemoth, verse,
if they had only remembered these words.
Yahweh is...
a nurturing and confrontational
individual,
a fighter and the living embodiment of the
provision,
an aggressively challenging being,
a defensive and protective person,
and an engaging and salty example of
masculinity.
Yahweh is his name,
his personal and proper designation.
He's the fullness of all of these things.
You are right, Yahweh,
splendid and glorious,
extremely impressive in authority and
ability and power and might,
unchanging and therefore dependable.
You choose that which is right.
You are right.
And being on your right side crushes and
destroys the adversarial foes.
Now, even more explicit in this regard,
Moshe stated,
it is for me to retaliate and inflict
retribution as well as restitution and
repayment for the time their stance caused
such staggeringly unfavorable
circumstances.
For near is the day of their destruction.
Their fate is necessary and it will come
without hesitation upon them.
Of course, it was the body and words.
That was the thirty second chapter.
The more we've studied human history,
the more
the story of civilization and our horrid
propensity to subjugate and torment our
fellow man throughout history,
politically and religiously,
militarily and economically,
we discovered that there is a common
denominator,
a constant and repetitive pattern that is
institutionalized
in human influence, pervasive corruption,
and the universal abuse of power.
Individual stories of those who have been
deliberately misled, oppressed,
and tormented are anguishing and
exasperating.
The fact is that individual men and women
can be good or bad, but collectively,
humanity is almost always bad.
The larger the organization,
the worse we become.
If the perpetrators of this malevolent
conspiracy between religion,
the political doctrines,
the military and economic leaders hadn't
been held accountable,
then there is no justice.
Their victims deserve to witness those
they were powerless to stop,
particularly for the hellacious crimes
they perpetrated.
And since the God who inspired these words
is just,
he will personally assure that the guilty
are held accountable.
The lack of forgiveness in this
circumstance does not demonstrate that the
Torah's God isn't merciful,
but instead reveals that by being
intolerant of the one who is harmful,
he is demonstrating his capacity for
compassion to those they have abused.
Moreover,
The all-loving,
all-forgiving God of the Christian New
Testament is a myth,
a capricious and duplicitous divinity
crafted in the image of the men who
conceived him.
Rather than the Christian Jesus being the
solution,
he is a counterproductive fabrication,
as was Rabbi Akiva's Bar Kokhba.
Mankind's heinous behavior
isn't just an artifact of ancient history,
because it's every bit as prevalent today,
especially among the religious,
the overtly political,
and of course the conspiratorial.
And to an increasing degree,
the principal victims continue to be Jews.
While anti-Semitism is a legacy of
Imperial Rome, the Roman Catholic Church,
and of course exasperated by Islam,
It has become rampant among Marxists and
progressives and academia throughout the
Protestant church and also among
nationalists.
The propensity to bash and blame Jews is
growing at an unprecedented rate among
conspiratorialists and particularly online
and social media.
X is a cesspool of racism.
And in almost every case,
these adversarial individuals falsely
accuse Jews of what they themselves have
done.
They're all dishonest.
They're ignorant.
They're hypocrites.
They are so far down the rabbit hole,
they will never come to know or accept
the conditions of the covenant,
which means they will be excluded from it.
And that's a good thing.
It is, of course,
good news that those who either
relax or worship their god on sundays will
be stopped on the shabbat the sabbath it
is all part of the promise of the
seventh day and i suspect that yahweh will
have one of his malach messengers lift up
one of the two tablets of stone that
he engraved to validate his commitment to
the shabbat
during the waning days of the time of
jacob's troubles all to reinforce this
point sometime over the next four to seven
years and since this statement is about
retribution let it be known that dote
encouraged us to rely on words rather than
weapons words are better than fists the
lone exception is when it comes to
curtailing the
the deliberate physical abuse of those we
love.
Since this is the most reasonable
interpretation of this statement and
recognizing that the children of Yisrael
are Yahweh's family,
those who have abused Jews over the
millennia are in a world of trouble.
Now,
considering how horrid we humans have been
to one another over the past six thousand
years,
without a single altruistic civilization
to show for all of that time.
It's truly astonishing that God endures
the many for the sake of the few.
And yet, for the likes of Dode alone,
Yahweh would have done it all,
and He would do it again.
The text reads, Truly,
when I look at your heavens, the universe,
and the spiritual realm,
the accomplishment of your fingers.
I look at the moon and the stars,
which to reveal the benefits of the
relationship you have fashioned in form.
What is Enosh, mortal man,
that by comparison you are mindful of him?
And the son of man,
that surely you take stock of him.
and you relate to him.
Ms.
Moore, eight, four.
We'll conclude this evening's program on
this statement because it conveys so much
of what I've been trying to say all
day as I survey the pretext for the
thirty-first Michal word picture.
And what I've come to realize is the
point that Dode is making here,
that one of the reasons that God chose
to value his relationship with Dode and to
work with the likes of Abraham and Moshe,
Dode, of course,
and his prophets
is that he is so much greater than
we are, so far removed from us,
not just in space-time, but in dimensions,
in intellect, and in capability,
knowledge,
that
For God to have a meaningful relationship
with us,
He must elevate us to the point that
we begin to approximate His stature,
which means we need to shed these bodies,
be removed from this planet,
and to have our souls encapsulated in
light energy.
And for us to be empowered and enriched
and emancipated and enabled by an infinite
extent
to be such that we can relate directly
with God.
And prior to that,
the only way that God can effectively
communicate with us is through one of us.
And so he's saying here,
I understand that this great chasm between
you and us.
And he's asking why in the magnitude of
all that you've created,
would we even matter to you?
And the answer is we didn't matter to
God before we were created.
We didn't matter to God as he was
creating the universe.
authoring life.
We only began to matter to God when
he conceived one of us and then another
of us in his image for the purpose
of engaging in a covenant relationship
with him.
And then we are more meaningful to him
than the whole rest of the universe
combined.
But even then,
It's a very delicate dance that God must
engage in so as not to overwhelm us,
to not to stack the deck for this
instruction and game of life, if you will,
such that it delivers a predetermined
result as opposed to having both of us
be given the opportunity to
to engage or disengage from the covenant,
to respect or disrespect our Creator.
We have been given,
we have been afforded that opportunity,
and it goes both ways.
God can reject us.
We can reject Him,
but God has chosen to display His
accomplishments and
and to share them by forming a exceedingly
important relationship with a mortal man
and with a number of those who would
also convey this message.
And that he is exceedingly mindful, Zakar,
of the most memorable of men,
the very son of man.
that surely you take stock of him,
you relate to him.
And not only is Dode this man,
but so are so many others who have
taken stock of what Yahweh has to offer,
who are not only responsive to his
guidance and his teaching,
but respectful of his name and reputation.
It's a wonderful place for us to conclude
this program.
I am glad that we didn't give up
just because we got a brief shower.
Delighted to be here,
even as the sun has set now in
the Caribbean Sea,
to share this wonderful message from our
God with you.
Good evening.